- [Instructor] Spring is one of the most popular frameworks
in the industry today, and its project, Spring MVC,
is being widely adopted to develop web applications.
Spring MVC follows the basic conventions of Java and Spring,
and can help you to develop applications quickly and easily,
because it does a lot of work for you already,
and allows you to focus on the business logic
of your application.
In this course I'll demonstrate how to set up
a basic Spring MVC application with Spring Boot,
and cover features like writing controllers,
views, and model components.
I'll also cover validations, exception handling,
and will help you resolve themes, views, and locales.
We will look at the asynchronous processing capability
in web applications with Spring MVC,
and also learn how to open up
restful endpoints for your clients.
Hi, I am Ketkee, I'm a Java developer.
Join me in my LinkedIn Learning course about Spring MVC.